Hilla: update the boolean binding example for `<vaadin-select>` (#1497)
vaadin/docs: articles/data-binding/vaadin-components.asciidoc

=== Binding Data to Boolean Fields

There are three elements in Hilla to deal with booleans: `vaadin-checkbox`, `vaadin-radio-button`, and `vaadin-select`.

> The former two work fine with form binders, but neither of them has validation and failure styling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first two of these work fine with form binders, but neither of them has validation and failure styling.
```

}
----

> The latter can be bound to a boolean as in the following snippet:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`vaadin-select` can be bound to a boolean as in the following snippet:
```
